# Reflections by Chris Cassano

To make this work, you have to fork webgaze, yarn link it, and then remove the calls to https://tfhub.dev/mediapipe/tfjs-model/facemesh/1/default/1 and https://tfhub.dev/tensorflow/tfjs-model/blazeface/1/default/1 in the node_modules folder. Then run yarn build in the Webgaze folder. Then run yarn start in the Webgaze folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh folder. Then run yarn build in the Blazeface folder. Then run yarn start in the Blazeface folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn start in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam folder. Then run yarn build in the Facemesh-Blazeface-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze-Webcam-Webgaze folder. Then run yarn start in the

Sorry, lost my train of thought there.

Just yarn build in the webgaze folder. That's it. The goal is to replace the network calls in tensorflow to local calls via the absolute path "/". I put the needed files in public/mediapipe and public/tensorflow.
